first of all the prime minister of
course there was a military failure and
mil and intelligence failure of the
military intelligence the Secret Service
intelligence but the
strategy was netan and netan
alone based on on my personal experience
but also on what netan said for years
there is one person who is in charge of
everything at the end of the day
he decides in order to protect his
status personally and to defend himself
against the legal process which is was
taking place already he needed to change
the judicial system and that's what he
was trying to do of course the
government was shaking and the
only basis of
support for him stable were the
Messianic groups so there was this
Alliance that was
based on
corruption and on the abuse of the
powers of the state and the resources of
the state to protect the personal status
of the Prime Minister and it also led to
a huge number of forces being withdrawn
from Gaza and taken to the West Bank
part of it was part of the part of of
the process part of the process was to
to to respond to their demands at the
expense of others and this was just one
aspect of it not the only one billions
and billions and billions of uh of uh
shekels uh were spent in order to buy
their support coming now to the future
of the West Bank and the future of Gaza
we saw prime minister Netanyahu a couple
of days ago say that he thinks there's
got to be an ongoing security
involvement B can speak as much as he
wants about taking control of all of
this this is nonsense he had a security
responsibility for
Gaza until the 7th of October what did
he do with it he completely failed I
mean this is not new we always had
security IR responsibility of course we
do we need to be inside Gaza in the
shift hospital or in kanun in order to
take control of security no we just had
to protect the Border in a more
effective manner which we didn't and so
after destroying Hamas we can return
immediately back into the international
border which is recognized by the
International Community which is not
even claimed by the Palestinians to be
theirs and then we also have to offer a
political Horizon and the only political
Horizon is a two State solution so had I
been the prime minister of Israel now
that what I would have done I would have
come to the Americans and Europeans and
say hey guys you send your intervention
Force into Gaza for a short period of
time they will
allow eventually the Palestinian
Authority to take over not from the
Israeli bayet but from the noninvolved
Western power that will try and help
rehabilitate start rehabilitate Gaza
this is the end game now of course you
would ask me will BB this government
make a statement that they are prepared
for a two-state
solution no way they're not going to do
it that's another reason why they have
to be kicked out today would that
solution for in the West Bank would that
involve the removal of many of the new
SS that have been built yes how would
that be achieved will be imposed by
strong
government and I think that it can be
done my proposal which by the way lies
on the table of Abu masin as of two
months ago
the plan that I have that I have
submitted to him that is broadly
speaking I think is acceptable to them
which they should have accepted 15 years
ago but they didn't have the vision and
the courage but anyway would you not
face an extremely dangerous backlash to
this violent backlash we will we will we
have to save the state of Israel would
it not risk destroying the state of
Israel maybe but I trust that the
overwhelming
majority of people in this country all
of the groups that make up the power the
strengths the sophistication the
progress the culture the achievements of
this country will be on this side
it will be a decisive process for what
Israel is all about but anything else
will be much worse because if we will
not pull out from the territories if we
will not separate from the Palestinians
we will not help them create their own
State independent state if they will not
be allowed to exercise their fundamental
right for
self-determination then Israel will
become a bational state that will
forever live with internal conflicts and
frictions and Terror and hatred and
whatnot and SE segregation and and
second class segregation second class
citizens which is what bang and smri and
the supporters want but we will not
allow it because we have a different
self image of who we are as human beings
and we'll never allow it
to